Hi.
We didn't this lecture.
We're going to add our new map we've controllers so that after user heat snacks they get to choose the
continent from a map.
So let me bring in vomit.
We've controller from here later on.
I'm going to add a map kit in this V controller and what I want to have is a safe way from ad place
where you controller to this week controller and this is going to be a show Segway and it will display
some kind of bar button over here.
And I'm going to name this to map we see so in my previous Sig where I don't have identifier again so
I'm going to name these two at place we see as well.
So now I'm down we'd say guys let's bring in map kids so let's say map good for you.
And within this view controller I am only gonna need one map view so I'm going to come over here and
say 0 0 0 0 2 all 4 constraints and it will stretch all the way to the edges so that I have a field
up map view in my new wave controller.
So that's what we want in here.
I can have a save by them or upload by them in the bar button or I can place it anywhere inside of the
view controller as well in my case.
I'm going to go ahead with the bar button item and I'm going to add it on my bar button.
So let me create the cocoa touch class and let's call these maps we see or map easy.
OK.
And place it under our project folder.
Later on I'm going to go ahead and delete everything in here and go to main story board and find our
latest we have controller and go to the identity inspector to choose map receipt.
So if I come over to my map we see now I can bring in this map kids map view to my map we see and I'm
going to call this map view.
OK so this is going to be my map view.
So let me close these down and as you can see we get some errors and it's because I don't have map kits
imported in my projects.
So let me import the map kids.
And here we go now.
The errors volunteer way.
So we are ready to do what we want to do inside of this map the.
However in this condition we cannot even test to see if our map works or not because we don't have the
Segway as yet.
So in the ad places we see I don't have segway to go to the next we have controller and in here as well
I don't have any Segway right now.
So under add button clicked I'm going to perform a Segway.
OK.
And the identifier will be to ads place of easy.
And the sun there will be Neal.
And in the ad place we we have controller I'm going to perform I say where one more time man user clicks
on next.
And it will take us to the map we see and on their map we see I'm going to add the save button that
I was talking about.
So let me delete this.
And under we've did loads.
I'm going to go for navigation controller.
That's navigation bar not top item and a right bar button item.
And this will be a you eye bar bottom.
Yep.
This one UI bar button and I'm going to go for this title one more time because I just want to save
this.
So style will be played.
Target will be self's action.
Let me create a selector and then we're going to add a new objective c function here.
So this is going to be at objective c function.
So save button clicked.
So that's it.
I'm going to assign this say button clicked to be my selector function and in the save button clicks
I'm going to do whatever I want to do to upload all of this information to my power server and we're
not going to do that.
Now we're going to do that later on.
So let me test.
Let me see if we can see all the weave controllers without any error.
So if I click on here it will take us to the ad plays view controller and that's fine.
If I click on Next it will take me to my maps and one error that I have seen in here that I don't have
my say button.
So if I go back I will see the save button in my apps place we have a controller even though I have
written this code inside my map B controller it displays that saved by them in the app place we have
controller.
This is some sort of mix up right.
I don't want that.
So why does it happen since map we see doesn't have its own navigation controller.
It kind of doesn't understand why should it put the save bottom.
So if we come over here to Maine sorry bought as you can see we don't have any navigation controller
just in front of this map.
We have controller.
We only have it in front of our places we have controller.
So what I'm going to do I'm going to add a Neill navigation controller in front of my map.
We have controller so that I don't have that kind of problem right.
So this will have its own navigation controller and then I write that code.
It will understand that to put it.
So it's a rises Neil questions it raises new problems as well.
Because right now I don't have any back button coming up because I'm doing this show segway to navigation
controller and it will create a new navigation bar in here.
Where are you going to take care of that problem later on.
So let's test this and see if we can actually manage to show the save button to the user.
Let me go over here and click on this add button and let me click on that next button.
Here you go.
Now we see the save but we see it as a pop.
Our Segway.
OK.
So I don't want that I just want this as a full screen mode.
So I'm going to do this present model.
OK.
And if I do this full screen then I believe this will take care of our problems.
So let's open this one more time and see if we can get a full good looking UI.
We have controller here we go.
Now we see the same button but actually we lost the back button because we have a navigation controller
along the way.
So it's fairly to overcome that problem right.
We can add a new navigation controller bar button item over here.
So let me just come over here and say navigation controller dot navigation bar the top item that left
bar button item.
This is going to be a UI bar button item.
It will ask us for a title and a smile.
Let me just open this one more time item.
In fact we can actually test to see if there is a system bottom for going back and let's see action
add bookmarks cancel.
Maybe we can do something like cancel as low but I believe there is no back by then option over here
and you can try.
Cancel or you can try others.
But I'm going to go for title again because we don't have backed by them.
So let me go to title and I'm going to do something like this like.
Back with this small sign over here.
OK.
In style I'm going to go for plain one more time.
You can choose the other ones and see how it looks like and maybe having a back button is not a very
good idea in this case because maybe we want to go back to places we have control or once the user cancels
this but in anyway I will show you how to have a back button in this case because it will actually improve
your skills as well.
So let me say.
Back button clicked and let me give the selector to here as sector function and under back button clicked
can I do navigation controller dot pop up we controller with animation.
Now I cannot do that.
This won't work because previously we had only one navigation controller and popping one item back works.
Now I have a new navigation controller along the way in the middle of our wheel controllers.
So there is no we controller to pop back.
So this won't work.
So I'm going to comment this out to rather I'm going to use something called soft dismiss and this will
dismiss the current we controller and go back where reverb previously.
So let me run this and show you how this works.
Let's go to our simulator and hit on plus bottom.
It will take us here and if you say next this will display the save button on the right hand side and
back button on the left hand side.
If I hit back now I'm back in at places.
If I hit back now I'm back in places where you controller.
So that actually works.
Now there is only one view controller left to add here.
And where are you going to do that in the next lecture.